New API doc changes (#2935)
timescale/docs: api/drop_chunks.md

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`relation`|REGCLASS|Hypertable or continuous aggregate from which to drop chunks.|

## Optional arguments

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|

> |`older_than`|ANY|Specification of cut-off point where any full chunks older than this timestamp should be removed.|
> |`newer_than`|ANY|Specification of cut-off point where any full chunks newer than this timestamp should be removed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`older_than`|ANY|Chunks older than this timestamp are removed.|
|`newer_than`|ANY|Chunks newer than this timestamp are removed.|
```

Author: @mkindahl It's not straight forward like that. If both `older_than` and `newer_than` are specified then the chunks which lie in the range between these two values are considered. `are removed` is way more definitive. `should be removed` is indicative.

Reviewer: Well, the before and after sentences say the same thing, the update just in a more direct way.

|`verbose`|BOOLEAN|Setting to true displays messages about the progress of the reorder command. Defaults to false.|
|`created_before`|ANY|Specification of cut-off point where any full chunks created before this timestamp should be removed.|

> |`created_after`|ANY|Specification of cut-off point where any full chunks created after this timestamp should be removed.|

Reviewer: Slightly hard to read. See suggestions above.

Author: same reasoning as above. It can be a range when both are specified.

    `SMALLINT` / `INT` / `BIGINT`. The choice of timestamp or integer
    must follow the type of the hypertable's time column.

The `created_before` and `created_after` parameters can be specified in two ways:

> *   **interval type:** The cut-off point is computed as `now() -
>     created_before` and similarly `now() - created_after`.  This uses
>     the chunk creation time for the filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **interval type:** The cut-off point is computed as `now() -
    created_before` and similarly `now() - created_after`.  This uses
    the chunk creation time relative to the current time for the filtering.
```

Author: done

*   **timestamp, date, or integer type:** The cut-off point is
    explicitly given as a `TIMESTAMP` / `TIMESTAMPTZ` / `DATE` or as a
    `SMALLINT` / `INT` / `BIGINT`. The choice of integer value
    must follow the type of the hypertable's partitioning column. Otherwise
    the chunk creation time is used for the filtering.

<Highlight type="warning">
When using just an interval type, the function assumes that
you are removing things _in the past_. If you want to remove data
in the future, for example to delete erroneous entries, use a timestamp.
</Highlight>

> When both `older_than` and `newer_than` arguments are used, the
> function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
> example, specifying `newer_than => 4 months` and `older_than => 3
> months` drops all full chunks that are between 3 and 4 months old.
> Similarly, specifying `newer_than => '2017-01-01'` and `older_than
> => '2017-02-01'` drops all full chunks between '2017-01-01' and
> '2017-02-01'. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
> overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.

Reviewer: Not clear what "full chunks" mean, so better to just omit it.

```suggestion
When both `older_than` and `newer_than` arguments are used, the
function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
example, specifying `newer_than => 4 months` and `older_than => 3
months` drops all chunks between 3 and 4 months old.
Similarly, specifying `newer_than => '2017-01-01'` and `older_than
=> '2017-02-01'` drops all chunks between 2017-01-01 and
2017-02-01. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.
```

Author: done

When both `created_before` and `created_after` arguments are used, the
function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For

> example, specifying `created_after`=> 4 months` and `created_before`=> 3
> months` drops all full chunks created between 3 and 4 months from now.
> Similarly, specifying `created_after`=> '2017-01-01'` and `created_before`
> => '2017-02-01'` drops all full chunks created between '2017-01-01' and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, specifying `created_after`=> 4 months` and `created_before`=> 3
months` drops all full chunks created between 3 and 4 months from now.
Similarly, specifying `created_after => '2017-01-01'` and `created_before
=> '2017-02-01'` drops all full chunks created between 2017-01-01 and
```

Author: done

> '2017-02-01'. Specifying parameters that do not result in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2017-02-01. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
```

Author: single quoted dates are used elsewhere as well. Why this specific change?

Reviewer: I suggested this change because inside code the quotes makes sense, but in free-flowing text it is just a date and hence the quotes makes it look like some coding artifact when it is just a date. It's like putting quotes around "May 16, 2016" in free flowing text; yes, it can be used inside code as well, but it is actually just a date.

Reviewer: Example, just to illustrate:
> On April 5th, 2063 the first contact with an alien species were made.

vs.

> On 'April 5th, 2063' the first contact with an alien species were made.
